Brandor, he's the young Mr. Brandor, God damn it!
We're doomed, we're screwed!
No!
God!
Please!
Oh sir, this has got to be a mistake.
This can't be.
Leo is my son.
Cynthia is my wife.
They didn't take my surname because the Thorne family has a special rule.
Thorns cannot change the surname of a child until they reach a certain age.
You're scung.
How dare you threaten my family?
How dare you lie to my family?
No.
What is going on?
Colbert!
Yes, Mr. Brandor.
No.
The fools who offended young Mr. Brandor will die by Memphis bullets.
Memphis swear as to protect the Brandor.
No.
I'm sorry sir, this was a mistake.
Mr. Brandor?
Well done, Colbert.
I think you're the right choice for the next governor's election.
Thank you, Mr. Brandor.
Young Mr. Brandor, I would you like to deal with all these people that offended you.
You have to stay troops after command.
Very well.
Thank you, Mr. Colbert.
You're welcome, Mr. Brandor.
Young Mr. Brandor.
I was wrong.
Please, please ring.
It was Drew.
Drew who ordered me.
It's not my fault.
Since you follow Drew's orders.
Not only are you expelled from the Brandor group,
but I'm confiscating all of your profits.
Take him away!
No!
I can't think I thought you'd wear a group.
I only know how to be a mercenary.
Mr. Leo, please.
I beg you.
Drew.
Joseph.
You were very arrogant before,
and if I remember correctly, you said you were going to sleep with my mother.
And now that my father has arrived,
all of a sudden you can't speak anymore.
You were very arrogant,
splashing your wealth and power everywhere.
Well, now guess what?
I'm taking all of that away from you today.